# Synthetic-Turf
Field Feature Friday: Jesuit High School- Tampa Tampa’s Jesuit High School is a private, college preparatory academy aimed at creating successful students by equipping its learners with the best resources available academically and athletically.  With this mission, Jesuit High School has been able to solidify a foundation of excellence with its athletic program that has a top ranking by Florida High School Athletic Association’s athletic rankings and Academic Team Champion standings among all schools in Florida.  A center point of Jesuit High School’s athletic program is Corral Memorial Stadium, featuring Alumni Track &amp; Field. Alumni Track &amp; Field at Corral Memorial Stadium features a state-of-the-art synthetic playing field that is home to the school’s football, soccer, and lacrosse programs. In 2015 Alumni Field was resurfaced to feature the best synthetic turf surface available- a system that has been proven for performance at the professional level. The Act Global’s Xtreme Turf system selected for Jesuit High School is a blend of high quality, durable fibers that offer premier playability and high aesthetic value. Jesuit High School was also able to customize the field to feature a tiger head logo in midfield, “JESUIT” in white lettering on blue turf in the north end zone, and “TIGERS” in the same white-on-blue in the south end zone.  “It’s the best field I’ve ever been on, bar none,” Jesuit JV football head coach Matt Kaiser said. “The feel is amazing, it’s noticeably cooler than other turf fields, and I don’t know of any schools that have end zones painted like this. It looks awesome.”  Good luck to the Tigers next Fall!
